a writer known to us
columnist write in the newspaper the
reason why I will have a dialogue to
through twitter with one of your
followers and talking about messi who
listen to this that you see it
in my childhood the erasers of my
school were of the brand milan and the
childhood does not forget aupa milan
you will be left with the desire very likely of
campaign because the hormone team is
terrific hormone translates the one that
dopa
very bright shine
I do not like anything there were more tweets and
talking about milan de alfonso ussía us
we see them if all correlatives
with your permission I'm going to take some
growth hormones like nap and
I'm still going to win because it's a lot
better than milan, do not be so
nervous and irascible good people
many of the players of the
barça iniesta villa piqué busquets and
as not the untouchable that not yet
is nothing and someone is created and that
will end with your future
comments I made you has
primacy the attention called mention the
comments on about leo should
rectify
I believe urgently and if not I imagine
that from today the club will have
knowledge I do not know what will happen but
this is I think it's serious that you should
rectify I think you should rectify
because alfonso used to be a writer
fantastic and that I even like
read the back cover without going any further
today the back cover of the newspaper to the
reason but I think he 's wrong with
those accusations can not and should not
rectify you have to have very serious the
word the one that is doped me but only
implies it is not a comment that there
I respect him a lot as a journalist like
writer is a standard-bearer but a
irony end I can take it from the
limits with all respect that I have it and
It is much like a journalist all
I would tell him to bring me players
Giving them everything you want
we go without limit and they take the
quality of iniesta that are me as a month
and that they weigh like xavi that they defend as
puyol or pique playing in the field
two touches and stealing balls like
Busquets I
picture those that bring me not
demonstrate miramesí of etxalar and not you
they say taken this picture environment without
competencies and talking about what else
they tried when he arrived at the barça of
small
and there he had to give
thinking and the nurseries the Spanish 13
years this
it was hard to play argentinian this
I come here with my family I want to prove myself
with barcelona they were big big
and because
in Catalan
I did not understand anything speaking Catalan but
after the first months first he does
more times
that he did not have much walks with his feet and
it is for once that he knows us to be
press otherwise and now predicts Catalan
no but I understand everything I know that if
some because they were talking kid
also is bardeando in Catalan
clear clear clear and I understand everything
just because of crisis or because of shame that
this I do long to talk what seems
who would speak it to the test
and I know that my feet told me
technician who was there
said the dialogue to the same guys from
outside
but yes
millionaires
of the web now I can have some
hits since my beginning of the month and
It is not that he is with a good grudge
passing got